prob statement :
The aim of this model is to augment the initiatives particularly the Department
 of Health, in proactively reaching out to and informing the 
users regarding the total number of confimed cases ,deaths, recovered cases and active cases.
and the prediction of the rise and fall of the covid 19 cases in future.
This model is used help and will be intimating above the covid 19 cases and take safety measurements.




advantages:
As it keeps you notified, you can take safety precautions.

intro:
The COVID-19 pandemic originated from the city of Wuhan of China has highly affected the health, 
socio-economic and financial matters of the different countries of the world. India is one of the countries 
which is affected by the disease and thousands of people on daily basis are getting infected. 
In this model, an analysis of daily statistics of people affected by the disease are taken into account 
to predict the next days trend in the active cases.
A valid global data set is collected from the www.CSSE.com daily statistics and correlation among the 
total confirmed, active, deceased, positive cases are stated in this paper. apted machine learning algorithms
 are applied to the data set to visualize the trend of the affected cases.
These models acquired remarkable accuracy in COVID-19 recognition. A strong correlation 
factor determines the relationship among the dependent (active) with the 
independent variables (positive, deceased, recovered).





OBJECTIVES 
       
To provide a detailed analysis and visualization of covid-19 data using different libraries like NumPy, pandas, matplotlib available in phyton.
To manage and analyze big data on the growing network of infected subjects,Recovery status,and public health data.
   To notify the regions. Wrapping this data with Machine Learning (ML), researchers can forecast where and when, the disease is likely to spread.
     To present a prediction model deployed using Moving averages (MA) time series forecasting algorithm for accurate prediction of the number of COVID-19 cases.
 

OBJECTIVES 
        To manage and analyze big data on the growing network of infected subjects,Recovery status,and public health data. 
	      To notify the regions. Wrapping this data with Machine Learning (ML), researchers can forecast where and when, the disease is likely to spread, 
 	     To present a prediction model deployed using Moving averages (MA) time series forecasting algorithm for accurate prediction of the number of COVID-19 cases, 
the rise and the fall of the number of cases in the near future, and the date when various countries may expect the pandemic to end. 
        To provide a detailed analysis and visualization of covid-19 data using different libraries like NumPy, pandas, matplotlib available in phyton.

